Jarvis Wake UP
My first bloggable Tech experiment, April 4, 2019
jarvis_wake_up
THE GOAL
So my dream is to start the day with optimal organisation. Knowing the weather and being reminded of my schedule would go along way to help me not to forget things, and I think in general would benafit most people. I don't want to have to use my phone or move at all. I want it to be voice activated, with a simple voice command, because voice commands are the lazyest and easyest to use (aka the most human friendly), and I imagine will be the favored interface mechanism in years to come once they have figured out all the speech recognition issues.
I did not originally begin this project with this goal in mind. It began with me having an old laptop that was all kinds of fucked up, which had been abandoned in my parents house for years. The body was very damaged the battery didn't hold charge, the whole thing was BIOS locked, and the fan was loud AF.

The original plan was something like:
Create a monitor out of the screen
Create a Media Centre (Think AppleTV) out of the Computer
Create an external CD/DVD Drive out of the Optical drive
Create a power bank out of the battery pack
Learn as much as I could along the way
This was the first time I have ever tried to do something like this, but after watching a few of Even Kale's videos, I felt well and truely inspired to start tinkering. It wasnt until after I had the screen and the reconstructed upright computer built with a new OS (windows 10) running that I decided to dare to go to the next step. This inevitably would be mostly a software setup so that it would wake me up with the requisit info to start a new day informed.
Inspiration
Obviously the Gif at the top is from a scene in Iron man where an unsuspecting lady witnesses the morning routine/readouts of the weather, the tempereature and the surf conditions for around Tony's home. A couple of years ago I purchased from kickstarter the Vocca Lightand I was blown away by it's awesomeness. I get that the clapper had been around for a while but I imagined such primitive tech and the fact that lots of things sound like claps, that although I never used one, I assumed by it's lack of ubiquitusness it must have sucked ass. Using the Vocca light, turning it off and on from your bed was so dope that I was convinced that voice activation was the one.